chore: tweak effect docs (#11982)
sveltejs/svelte: sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/01-api/02-runes.md

> For things that are more complicated than a simple expression like `count * 2`, you can also use [`$derived.by`](#$derived-by).

> You might be tempted to do something convoluted with effects to link one value to another. Don't do this ([demo](/#H4sIAAAAAAAAE5WS8UrDMBDGX-UI-yN1ujlFkG4dyKAvYf2jSy8YaNOSXKej9J18Bp_MJG1xThElULgvX-77Hb2OSVWiZfFjx3ReIYvZQ9OwS0bHxhf2gCWhq23dGuGVjRVGNbTNdEYlEghIYGYpJ-TX0XpS5bk66aaudu5O5qXF9amanqpOn6GUKIjzCJItdF7KSNTaEhzyskVnv72BOXABF7Ba3A_Z7oSvksBDVjQ9zeh7tj8GqTV6LPvTHhMVmXay-7HmIX5BdapeseCrIbiP_s7NJVw5-AiWHvxH7vSMO_0n9-4rt_ide7P8_Kl6o3TTEvgFSDKm22qPJmOwV7qIQ4ukEz0st_D-5lL-5JejPw39LR1LDPszvBwHfVEFPcdwh9UAFrBGq1vAqi6UVFiw2M_VP_UfNJIG1bsCAAA=)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might be tempted to do something convoluted with effects to link one value to another. The following example shows to inputs for Fahrenheit and Celcuis that are connected to each other. If you update on, the other should update accordingly. Don't use effects for this ([demo](/#H4sIAAAAAAAAE5WS8UrDMBDGX-UI-yN1ujlFkG4dyKAvYf2jSy8YaNOSXKej9J18Bp_MJG1xThElULgvX-77Hb2OSVWiZfFjx3ReIYvZQ9OwS0bHxhf2gCWhq23dGuGVjRVGNbTNdEYlEghIYGYpJ-TX0XpS5bk66aaudu5O5qXF9amanqpOn6GUKIjzCJItdF7KSNTaEhzyskVnv72BOXABF7Ba3A_Z7oSvksBDVjQ9zeh7tj8GqTV6LPvTHhMVmXay-7HmIX5BdapeseCrIbiP_s7NJVw5-AiWHvxH7vSMO_0n9-4rt_ide7P8_Kl6o3TTEvgFSDKm22qPJmOwV7qIQ4ukEz0st_D-5lL-5JejPw39LR1LDPszvBwHfVEFPcdwh9UAFrBGq1vAqi6UVFiw2M_VP_UfNJIG1bsCAAA=)):
```

	$effect(() => {
		const value = 32 + c * 1.8;

		if (fromC) {
			fromC = false;
			return;
		}

		fromF = true;
		f = +value.toFixed(1);
	});

	$effect(() => {
		const value = (f - 32) / 1.8;

		if (fromF) {
			fromF = false;
			return;
		}

		fromC = true;
		c = +value.toFixed(1);
	});
</script>

<input type="number" bind:value={c} /> °C =
<input type="number" bind:value={f} /> °F
```

Instead, use callbacks where possible ([demo](/#H4sIAAAAAAAAE4WRUUrEMBCGrzIEH1JXW1cRpNsuyEIvYX2o7UQDbRqayepSeifP4MlM0souuOJj_n_m_2YmIxOyRcPSp5GpqkOWsket2RWjg_YPs8eW0L1Nb4faK5mpB6lpW6qSWiSoIYcLQxUhv4k2P6o4qne3QXaGsKom2SuwunHOjmMEozdK8ikrjKkaXpHifdVa3MyOT1q5EFgBr-ES1vFDFMXUF_IDG76ekdNZQHECEH8CAppzAdfgRoUkEM4AsuS4ucqk0pbAXykvmbLdCw4lg5Cbj_UEvQoV-bjsOkGyha_PHeT_NYtfzcXSXASyoUOL4fxzzLLgu2zoLYV77E4GXkrd_3V9I4XEhqU0WJyep2_WKjbd-gEAAA==)):

```svelte
<script>
	let c = $state(0);
	let f = $state(32);

	function updateC(e) {
		c = +e.target.value;
		f = +(32 + c * 1.8).toFixed(1);
	}

	function updateF(e) {
		f = +e.target.value;
		c = +((f - 32) / 1.8).toFixed(1);
	}
</script>

<input type="number" value={c} oninput={updateC} /> °C =
<input type="number" value={f} oninput={updateF} /> °F
```

> If you need to use bindings, for whatever reason, consider using this pattern to synchronise state ([demo](/#H4sIAAAAAAAAE5VRQW7DIBD8CkI9JFIau4deiB2p7yg9kHhtIWGMYG3Fsvh7ARs3qnrpCWZGM8MuC22lAkfZ50K16IEy-mEMPVGcTQRuAoUQsBtGe49M5e5WGrxyzVEBEhxQKFKTt7K8ZM4Z0Bi4F4cC4VAeo7JpCtooLRFz7AIzCTXC4ZgpjhZwtHpLfl3TLqvoT-vpdt_0ZMy92TllVzx8AFXx83pdKXEDlQappDZjmCUMXXNqhe6AU3KTumGppV5StCe9eNRLivekSNZNKTKbYGza0_9XFPdzTvc_257kvTJyvxodzgrWP4pkXlEjnVFiZqRV8NiW0wnDSHl-hz4RPm0p2cO390MjWwkNZWhD5Zf_BkCCa6AxAgAA)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use bindings, for whatever reason (for example when you want some kind of "writable `$derived`"), consider using getters and setters to synchronise state ([demo](/#H4sIAAAAAAAAE5VRQW7DIBD8CkI9JFIau4deiB2p7yg9kHhtIWGMYG3Fsvh7ARs3qnrpCWZGM8MuC22lAkfZ50K16IEy-mEMPVGcTQRuAoUQsBtGe49M5e5WGrxyzVEBEhxQKFKTt7K8ZM4Z0Bi4F4cC4VAeo7JpCtooLRFz7AIzCTXC4ZgpjhZwtHpLfl3TLqvoT-vpdt_0ZMy92TllVzx8AFXx83pdKXEDlQappDZjmCUMXXNqhe6AU3KTumGppV5StCe9eNRLivekSNZNKTKbYGza0_9XFPdzTvc_257kvTJyvxodzgrWP4pkXlEjnVFiZqRV8NiW0wnDSHl-hz4RPm0p2cO390MjWwkNZWhD5Zf_BkCCa6AxAgAA)):
```
